I can't get enough of this stuff so I we
asked you if you would go to a wealthy
neighborhood here in Los Angeles
and I'm sorry we asked your friend if
your friend would good oh yes area of
Los Angeles and talked to people about
the electricity and the state of
American politics and well here's what
happened
jung-soo Mouse Russia interfere with the
presidential election but now all eyes
are on them so it up to Kazakhstan to
swing the midterms for premiere trap I
come to California to do election
tampering gently first I go steppings
door-to-doors
all hello and nice to meet you um
is your husband home no is there a man
here I can talk to not right now
I see um do is there anybody in this
house that can vote I've been voting all
my life well I mean since I was old
enough this is not against the law no it
is not
hmm here these are nasty fakeness people
say that the Donald Trump is a bad the
two immigrant children we hear that he
keep the Mexican children in a cages
sister over here they had to be
somewhere you I have to gauge them you
didn't build those cages for the kids
they just had somewhere to keep them
safe temporarily in a cage for them he's
an Isis place they have a boom it was
like a campout until he could get them
very United with their parents he fed
them three times a day like he did his
own - why because he humanitarians
awesome it was crazy
you do not want these to be a concert of
immigrants no we don't would be just
like them man and that's not America
that's not the American Way
[Applause]
what make premier Trump
such a good premier well as president
Trump and I I think he's a pretty yeah I
think overall he's been a good president
who are the who are the faithful news
who say that he is not a racist in my
opinion the fake news people say he is a
racist and I don't believe he is I don't
see any evidence of that but what is a
problem being a racist
I am arising said as nice well I
personally think there's a big problem
with the discussion but he is a racist
against the Muslims anti-racist against
the Jews he is a racist against all the
peoples you know no I don't um can I use
your toilets please oh yeah sure now
that I clean I go to polling station it
is good to see democracy in action big
problem 72% of Jew vote for Democrat I
have a plan to stop them you shall not
pass we shall not pass the bacon
we shall pass nice meet you nice to meet
you too thank you yes did you vote yes
sir I did
it didn't vote for Republican or Jew
well I've already public in the survive
if they happen to be Jewish that's fine
but you're Republican do we are very sad
in Kazakhstan because when we knew or
Melania she had a bigger pubis glorious
and now I saw a photograph and it have
been removed it is sad the hair from
Achilles is being stolen
where are we going to speak politics or
the love of our country or things that
are better off unsaid right now yes
yes we talk about other things good did
the Mexicans still have pubis I really
don't know what you're talking about you
so much that is enough a election
tampering for one day but to you now
Jimmy you liberal elitist Hollywood
bubble of globalist Jew mouthpiece
this is DVD called who is America Sacha
Baron Cohen everybody congratulations on
making it to the end of the YouTube
video why not celebrate by clicking the
subscribe button you earned it